c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LightBridge2\LightBridge2\bin\Debug\LightBridge2.exe.config
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LightBridge2\LightBridge2\bin\Debug\LightBridge2.exe
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LightBridge2\LightBridge2\bin\Debug\LightBridge2.pdb
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LightBridge2\LightBridge2\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LightBridge2\LightBridge2\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LightBridge2\LightBridge2\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LightBridge2\LightBridge2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LightBridge2\LightBridge2\bin\Debug\NetworkTables.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LightBridge2\LightBridge2\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LightBridge2\LightBridge2\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LightBridge2\LightBridge2\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LightBridge2\LightBridge2\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LightBridge2\LightBridge2\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LightBridge2\LightBridge2\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LightBridge2\LightBridge2\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LightBridge2\LightBridge2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LightBridge2\LightBridge2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LightBridge2\LightBridge2\bin\Debug\NetworkTables.xml
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LightBridge2\LightBridge2\obj\Debug\LightBridge2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LightBridge2\LightBridge2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LightBridge2\LightBridge2\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LightBridge2\LightBridge2\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LightBridge2\LightBridge2\obj\Debug\LightBridge2_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LightBridge2\LightBridge2\obj\Debug\LightBridge2_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LightBridge2\LightBridge2\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LightBridge2\LightBridge2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LightBridge2\LightBridge2\obj\Debug\LightBridge2.g.resources
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LightBridge2\LightBridge2\obj\Debug\LightBridge2.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LightBridge2\LightBridge2\obj\Debug\LightBridge2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LightBridge2\LightBridge2\obj\Debug\LightBridge2.exe
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LightBridge2\LightBridge2\obj\Debug\LightBridge2.pdb
C:\Users\Alya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LightBridge\LightBridge2\bin\Debug\LightBridge2.exe.config
C:\Users\Alya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LightBridge\LightBridge2\obj\Debug\LightBridge2.exe
C:\Users\Alya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LightBridge\LightBridge2\obj\Debug\LightBridge2.pdb
